Steering.
Suspension.
Nothing.
It becomes staining making tires stick to the road
Alternate your own high beams to improve your vision.
Do not drive too slowly or other drivers may hit you.
The weight of the load.
The length of the grade.
Unhook your steering axle brakes.
Carry the tire chains in your vehicle.
Are not designed for tractors-double trailers.
Are designed to slow vehicles so they can get back on the road at the safe speed.
You should notify authorities about an accident before doing anything else.
An exact location is not necessary just Identify the road and the vehicles involved.
Use dirt.
Use water.
Mechanical damage.
Damage of a coupling.
Turn signals, tail lights and clearance lights.
Headlights, brake lights, and clearance lights.
Sink to the floor.
Depress slightly.
25
10
Slow acceleration.
tire check.
If brakes work, weight will have no effect on stopping distance.
Fully loaded trucks take longer to stop, or the buses loaded with passengers take less distance than empty ones.
Keep the trailer brake hand valve applied until you reach 20mph.
Engage the clutch and accelerate quickly.
If you feel sleepy, warming of your cab with the heater will help you stay alert.
You must have at least one extra heater such as a mirror heater, battery pack heater, or fuel tank heater when temperature drops below freezing point.
You can pollute the air with the exhaust smoke.
Noise can damage the driver's ears.
A loss of engine braking effect.
Damage to the transmission.
Your eyes see a hazard to the time your foot pushes to the brake pedal.
the brain tells the foot to push the brake pedal to time the foot responses.
Require a lot of room to change lane.
Tend to sway from time to time.
A driver tailgates your vehicle.
police car is approaching you from the other direction.
Gain speed on the shoulder and then merge
Bend over into the nearest lane so the other vehicles will give you room.
Adjust headlights.
Clean your headlights
you should use a helper and communicate with him with hand signals.
You should back and turn toward the driver's side whenever it is possible.
1/2 block
2 blocks
You can stop more quickly than you can turn to miss obstacles.
Stopping is always the safest thing to do in a traffic emergency.
Pushing down the brake pedal as hard as you can.
Pushing down pedal and turning sharply.
Be checked every one-hundred miles or every 2 hours.
Be double the depth required in normal weather.
Cylinders loaded with compressed gas must be sealed before transportation if the are unmarked
Cargo like this must be marked with a 4-inch-diameter, red circle on the tank
A tractor pulling  a loaded flat-bed trailer.
A triple axle vehicle with cargo.
Lack of traction.
The engine runs smoother.
Electrical system Isolation.
Cargo ventilation.
Only when the fire happens.
Only when you are transporting flammable materials.
To avoid being cited.
It's the law.
Oil on a tire rod.
if a gray smoke is coming out from the exhaust pipe.
Make objects appear closer than they really are.
Make objects appear larger than they really are.
To keep the engine oil flowing
To keep the engine warm.
Attention distance, reaction distance, and slowing distance.
Respond distance, observation distance, and braking distance.
Start your turn in the center of the intersection.
Use a right-hand turn lane if there are two turning lanes.
they see your vehicle
They know you are to pass.
Assume other drivers will allow you to merge.
Check your mirrors to make sure the rear of your vehicle will not hit anything.
Signal before the change and move over quickly.
Signal after you begin change and cross over slowly.
Find another route that is better lit even if it is out of your way.
turn your interior lights on and adjust your instrument lights.
An uneven load.
Turning too sharply.
Mail or delivery trucks are professionals and do not pose a hazard.
Drivers who use turn signals should always be trusted to turn towards the signaled direction.
The road is more slippery when the rain continues than when rain begins.
Driving conditions became more Dangerous when temperature arises above freezing.
Carrying a fully charged fire extinguisher may prevent a fire.
Under inflated tires cannot cause a vehicle fire.
Only when you are on a highway.
Only when you are driving.
Cargo security.
Whether all lights are working.
Leave key in the ignition so you do not lose it when ou are under the truck.
When you park on a street, you should walk so you face away from an oncoming traffic.
No.
Yes, but cannot put you out of service.
The legal maximum weight allowed by the state is considered safe for all driving conditions.
If cargo is loaded by the shipper a driver is not responsible for its load.
When to use the placards.
Which products can be loaded together.
How often they drink alcohol.
Their age.
You are giving your consent to inspect your vehicle for alcohol.
It is understood that you may drink alcohol now and then.
Above, lower
Below, higher
4 seconds
6 seconds
Flash your high beams quickly at the other driver.
Slow down and look straight ahead in your lane.
Back to allow the oncoming traffic to pass.
Complete your turn without stopping.
Headlights are required by law.
Emergency flashers are required by law.
car is in your way
You want to change a lane.
Not less than 2/32 inch.
More than 6/32 inch.
1/2
1/3
1/3
1/2
Cannot turn into emergency
Does not need to be seen.
Slow to the posted speed limit for the off-ramp.
Slow down to 15 mph below the posted speed limit.
53-feet straight truck.
Tractor with 45-feet trailer.
1 second for each 30 feet of vehicle length.
1 second for each 20 feet of vehicle length.
Should only be used when driving at daytime.
May still be used while driving if you us half of a regular dose.
You should avoid using the brakes until your speed is down to 20 mph.
You should brake in a way that keeps your vehicle in a straight line.
Driving while eating,
Driving at night.
Signal and change lanes to avoid hazard.
Slow down to prevent a crash.
Steer around it and get back in your
Stop quickly and pull to the side of the road.
Hit some object in order to stop your vehicle.
Find an escape ramp in order to exit the roadway.
Cross railway track.
Drive through the mountains.
No, because the other brakes will make up for the air brakes when they are out of adjustment.
It depends on how the brakes are.
The mirrors could be adjusted correctly even if the trailer is not straight.
You should adjust your mirrors while you are driving.
1/4
1/3
Permits less maximum axle weight for the axles that are far apart.
Permits the same maximum axle weight for any axle.
Blind spots.
If your running lights are working.
Prescription or non-prescription drugs are allowed  at any time of driving.
Which of these is true about the use of drug s while driving?
Only with an attempt of a difficult turn use both hands on the wheel.
If you have reached a cruising speed on a highway you can drive with one hand.
Only if you need to park.
Only if you have a trailer on your vehicle.
Using mirrors and turn signals, return when the road is clear.
Ride on shoulder to the next exit and then re-enter the road.
windshield defroster.
Windshield scraper.
Use four-way flashers if it is legal in your state.
Stay on the right side of the road.
Police do not fine them.
They drive rented cars.
Air conditioner use.
High speed driving in order to put more air to the radiator.
Is most often not the responsibility of the driver.
Are needed only if hazardous materials are being hauled.
Better handling
Damage to drive axle tires.
Park where a building or trees shelter our vehicle from the wind.
Increase your speed to put out the flames.
The vehicles tail lights should be kept on to warn other drivers.
You must put out your emergency warning devices within 5 minutes.
Should be supplied with their own tie down devices or locks.
Are not required to be inspected by a driver.
You never need to check the antifreeze in such a system.
The radiator cap can be safely removed,and coolant added while the engine is hot.
While moving at a very low speed.
When backing.
Brake when you exceed safe speed by 5 mph.
Use controlled braking.
Slamming on the brakes hard and making wheels lock up.
Pressing brakes until wheel lock-up occurs, releasing and then reapplying.
Condition of hoses.
Hydraulic brake cylinders leaks.
Covers
Shapes
Electric
Hydraulic
Gross axle weight's
Gross vehicle weight.
At the posted speed.
Whatever speed you feel comfortable with
Most people are more vigilant.
Most hazards are easier to spot at night rather than in the morning.
Back of
To the side of
Hydroplaning.
Extensive brake wear.
Distorted springs are safe as long as they are not broken.
Suspension components should be checked at all axles except for the following unit.
Just one missing leaf in a leaf spring is not dangerous.
Spring hangers that are cracked but still tight are not dangerous.
the person who has Hazmat endorsement drives with you.
The load of the hazardous materials is 26 pounds or less.
2 years
6 months
Any truck carrying any amount of hazardous materials must have placards.
Any public road allows trucks, carrying hazardous materials if they are loaded correctly.
0.02.
0.04.
Using the vehicle emergency brakes.
Pushing down the brake pedal as hard as you can.
Your vehicle is parked by trees.
Park along curb next to another vehicle.
Both.
Total weight of a single vehicle.
The oil pressure gauge should take 3-5 minutes to rise to normal.
The engine temperature gauge will take 3-5 minutes to rise to normal.
3
2
Notify the authorities.
Care for the injured.
Drive on the side of the road, so others can pass your vehicle.
Exit the road until traffic is lighter.
It is illegal to turn off your signal before completing the turn.
Most vehicle have self-canceling signals.
Service brake.
Parking bra
BAC is determined by how fast you drink; how much you drink and how much you eat.
Alcohol goes directly from the stomach to the blood stream
Must be accompanied by the police.
Can only be driven at daylight.
Brake fade is not caused by heat.
Heat increases brake responsiveness as the vehicle moves quickly.
Tire-fixing kit
First-aid kit
Only when defects are noted that are certified to not need repair.
Only when defects are noted that are certified to be repaired.
In the glove compartment, which must be working.
Under the driver seat.
Front wheels slide sideways to try to catch up with the rear wheels.
Locked wheels usually have more traction than rolling wheels.
Offensive
Objective
Wide rounding
Side winding.
If you cross the double tracks too slowly.
You try to shift gear when crossing.
the winter front should be closed tightly.
The engine may overheat if winter-front left open.
Within 20 minutes.
Within 15 minutes
Multi-speed rear axles.
Auxiliary transmission.
The pressure is not to be checked during the trip if it passed the pre-trip inspection.
You do not have to check the hot tires, because the tire is not blown out.
Estimate the height of topped overhead object if it is not posted.
Slow down slightly and try to drive under object.
If a tire is too hot to touch, you should drive on it to cool it off.
A small amount of air could be let out, but air pressure remains stable.
Maximum gvw specified by manufacturer for a single vehicle.
Maximum gvw specified by the manufacturer.
Gross Vehicle Weight Rating
Gross Combination Weight
Ride on shoulder to the next exit and then re-enter the road.
Using mirrors and turn signals, turn sharply to get back to the road.
